Separate configured params to new asciidoc (#211)
jenkins-infra/pipeline-steps-doc-generator: README.md

```

You can then browse to [Pipeline Steps Reference](http://localhost:4242/doc/pipeline/steps/) to see the running instance of `jenkins.io` on your `localhost`.

### 6. Configure Parameters

The parameters that need to be separated to new pages can be entered in `config.txt` by adhering to the following rules. This feature reduces the content on longer pages, thus increasing the loading speed of these pages.

* Ensure that a specified parameter's documentation is the same everywhere it occurs in the Pipeline Steps Reference. For example, `perforce` contains different documentation under the checkout step's scm parameter and the scanForIssues step's tool parameter. Hence, it can not be included in the configuration file.

* Maintain the order of the parameters such that if one parameter occurs inside the nesting of another, it is written above the other in the configuration file. For example, `$class: 'GitSCM'` is present inside `$class: MultiSCM` in checkout step, hence, it must be written above in the configuration file.

> * A parameter must have atleast 100 lines of asciidoc code present in the location from which it is supposed to be removed.

Reviewer: Minor spelling fix
```suggestion
* A parameter must have at least 100 lines of asciidoc code present in the location from which it is supposed to be removed.
```
